src/stuff_i_made.md, before:

---
title: "Stuff I Made"
author: "packrat386"
date: "2025-12-21"
css:
  - "/assets/styles.css"
...
# Stuff I Made

I occasionally enjoy tinkering with code in my free time. Whether it's
for their utility, or their elegance, or their expressive value, these
are some pieces of code I'm pleased to have written. It's hard to call
most of these things "projects" given that I rarely intend to return
to them or maintain them over time, but they're generally complete
enough to be used in some way.

- [ynal](https://github.com/packrat386/ynal) - You Need A License.
  This makes it as simple as `curl -o`
- [kamino](https://github.com/packrat386/kamino) - I got tired of
  having a messy git repo setup on my personal laptop. This lets me be
  lazy while giving everything a simple canonical path
- [boreas](https://github.com/packrat386/boreas) - I didn't want a
  dedicated app or a ton of ads for weather so I made my own very
  simple FE for the NWS weather forecasts. Live [on this
  site](https://boreas.packrat386.com/) and I use it every day.
- [sk](https://github.com/packrat386/sk) - I write a lot of scripts
  that are worth saving to re-use but not worth their own repository.
  This is a tool to locally manage them. It was also a good excuse to
  learn how to do tab completion in bash.
- [atalanta](https://github.com/packrat386/atalanta) - I wondered what
  it would take to make something sorta like wikiwikiweb from scratch,
  and this is my best stab at it.
- [magic_words](https://github.com/packrat386/magic_words) - I really
  don't like useless constants
- [bottomless_void](https://github.com/packrat386/bottomless_void) -
  Learning about all the fun you can do with ruby's C API
- [isochron](https://github.com/packrat386/isochron) - A ruby
  implementation of something sorta like Go's
  [sync.Once](https://pkg.go.dev/sync#Once)
- [catserver](https://github.com/packrat386/catserver) - I wrote, ran,
  and deleted this many times before bothering to just put it on
  GitHub.
- [thingdoer](https://github.com/packrat386/thingdoer) - Sometimes you
  want it to just do the thing.
- [nasT](https://github.com/kjcjohnson/nasT) - A collaboration with a
  friend at a hackathon. We attempted to build an MVC framework using
  only POSIX command line utilities.
- [papadoble.net](https://github.com/packrat386/papadoble.net) - I
  like Hemingway and I like cocktails. The site is no longer up sadly,
  but I dream one day of making a 2.0.

---

[Home](/)

Commit message:

Add this site to Stuff I Made

src/stuff_i_made.md, after:

---
title: "Stuff I Made"
author: "packrat386"
date: "2025-12-21"
css:
  - "/assets/styles.css"
...

# Stuff I Made

I occasionally enjoy tinkering with code in my free time. Whether it's
for their utility, or their elegance, or their expressive value, these
are some pieces of code I'm pleased to have written. It's hard to call
most of these things "projects" given that I rarely intend to return
to them or maintain them over time, but they're generally complete
enough to be used in some way.

- [this site](https://github.com/packrat386/packrat386.com) - A simple
  static generation setup using make and pandoc.
- [ynal](https://github.com/packrat386/ynal) - You Need A License.
  This makes it as simple as `curl -o`
- [kamino](https://github.com/packrat386/kamino) - I got tired of
  having a messy git repo setup on my personal laptop. This lets me be
  lazy while giving everything a simple canonical path
- [boreas](https://github.com/packrat386/boreas) - I didn't want a
  dedicated app or a ton of ads for weather so I made my own very
  simple FE for the NWS weather forecasts. Live [on this
  site](https://boreas.packrat386.com/) and I use it every day.
- [sk](https://github.com/packrat386/sk) - I write a lot of scripts
  that are worth saving to re-use but not worth their own repository.
  This is a tool to locally manage them. It was also a good excuse to
  learn how to do tab completion in bash.
- [atalanta](https://github.com/packrat386/atalanta) - I wondered what
  it would take to make something sorta like wikiwikiweb from scratch,
  and this is my best stab at it.
- [magic_words](https://github.com/packrat386/magic_words) - I really
  don't like useless constants
- [bottomless_void](https://github.com/packrat386/bottomless_void) -
  Learning about all the fun you can do with ruby's C API
- [isochron](https://github.com/packrat386/isochron) - A ruby
  implementation of something sorta like Go's
  [sync.Once](https://pkg.go.dev/sync#Once)
- [catserver](https://github.com/packrat386/catserver) - I wrote, ran,
  and deleted this many times before bothering to just put it on
  GitHub.
- [thingdoer](https://github.com/packrat386/thingdoer) - Sometimes you
  want it to just do the thing.
- [nasT](https://github.com/kjcjohnson/nasT) - A collaboration with a
  friend at a hackathon. We attempted to build an MVC framework using
  only POSIX command line utilities.
- [papadoble.net](https://github.com/packrat386/papadoble.net) - I
  like Hemingway and I like cocktails. The site is no longer up sadly,
  but I dream one day of making a 2.0.

---

[Home](/)
